---
title: JSR Governance Charter
description: JSR is a project built for the entire JavaScript ecosystem. This document outlines the charter document.
---

## 1. Mission and purpose

The JSR board exists to improve the JavaScript and TypeScript ecosystem by
providing a community service for sharing code through mechanisms such as
hosting, moderation, and facilitating easy access to shared resources.

## 2. Board composition

The board will consist of 5 members. Members are selected based on their ability
to represent large swaths of JavaScript users, including key stakeholders such
as developers, framework authors, and platform maintainers.

## 3. Responsibilities

The board will be responsible for:

Setting policy and strategy for JSR. Overseeing operational matters, including
securing a legal home for the organization. Ensuring alignment with the mission
and acting as stewards of the community's trust.

## 4. Decision-making

Decisions will be made by majority vote. A quorum is required to hold a vote,
defined as at least 3 members present.

## 5. Term limits and roles

Board members do not have term limits. No formal roles (e.g., chair, secretary)
are defined at this time.

## 6. Legal organization

The board will function as an informal group initially. Members agree to abide
by board decisions. One of the board's primary goals is to establish a legal
home for JSR, either by joining an existing foundation (e.g., Linux Foundation,
OpenJS) or forming its own 501(c)(3) or similar entity.

## 7. Transparency

Board decisions and meeting minutes will be posted publicly on an accessible
platform, such as the organization's website or a public repository.

## 8. Dispute resolution

All disagreements among board members will be resolved through majority voting.

## 9. Funding

Funding will be provided by the Deno Company until a formal legal structure is
established. In the event that Deno Company funding becomes unavailable, the
board will explore alternative funding sources, including community
contributions, sponsorships, or grants.

## 10. Charter amendments

The board will have the authority to revise this charter as necessary, following
the same decision-making process (majority vote). Amendments will be
communicated to the community through public postings, with an opportunity for
review and feedback before finalization.

## 11. Conflict of interest policy

Board members must disclose any conflicts of interest that may arise and recuse
themselves from decisions where such conflicts exist.

## 12. Onboarding and offboarding

New board members will be onboarded with a briefing on the charter and current
initiatives. A member may resign by providing written notice. Removal of a
member requires a majority vote of the remaining board.
